README.md, before:

Continuously Delivering Give-Me-A-Deploy on Bamboo
==================================================

This directory contains the files for the Bamboo plan [Give-Me-A-Deploy on HP Cloud](http://bamboo/browse/ATT-GMAD) which aims to boot an HP Cloud instance provisioned with an NGINX server hosting the web app Give-Me-A-Vagrant, using a Ruby API Binding.

Give-Me-A-Deploy
----------------

Please refer to the Give-Me-A-Deploy Docs or the [Woki page](http://woki/display/IntDev/Give-Me-A-Deploy) for full details on this client-side GUI configurator for the Vagrant VM automation tool.

Prerequisites
-------------

For to be able to run the contents of this zip file, the following applications must be installed on your host machine:
* [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
	* Ensure that the version is compatible with Vagrant
* [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/)
* [Git version control](http://git-scm.com/downloads)

You must also have SSH key pairs set up with your Stash account, and permission to clone the following repositories:
* http://stash/projects/OCD/repos/tooling/browse
* http://stash/projects/PUPPET/repos/puppet-ohp/browse
* http://subversion/src/Orchestral/Framework/PlatformBuild/trunk

Commit message:

README.md: Updated, in dev hpcloud/Gemfile and Gemfile.lock: redundant in local boot, deleted. Works the same without. hpcloud/cloud_init.sh: removed commented rm -f index.html, since you still need to restart the nginx serice for the new index.html to be served. hpcloud/install_nova_client.sh: removed bundler-related commands, redundant:

README.md, after:

Give-Me-A-Deploy (GMAD)
==
This repository contains all the files from the development and implementation of an intern project called Give-Me-A-Deploy, a web-based GUI configurator which generates executable source code that spins up Virtual Machines provisioned with Orion Health products. It aims to make Virtual Machines faster and easier for testers and developers at Orion Health, as they provide clean and consistent environments.

the Bamboo plan [Give-Me-A-Deploy on HP Cloud](http://bamboo/browse/ATT-GMAD) which aims to boot an HP Cloud instance provisioned with an NGINX server hosting the web app Give-Me-A-Vagrant, using a Ruby API Binding.

Prerequisites
--
Before running the scripts generated by GMAD

- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) - ensure that the version is compatible with Vagrant
- [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/)
- [Git version control](http://git-scm.com/downloads)

You must also have SSH key pairs set up with your Stash account, and permission to clone the following repositories:

* http://stash/projects/OCD/repos/tooling/browse
* http://stash/projects/PUPPET/repos/puppet-ohp/browse
* http://subversion/src/Orchestral/Framework/PlatformBuild/trunk

You are **not** required to clone these repositories yourself manually. This will all be done automatically upon running the script ```run.sh```. 

Continuously Delivering Give-Me-A-Deploy on Bamboo
--




- [Woki article on hosting GMAD on an nginx server](http://woki/display/IntDev/Hosting+Give-Me-A-Deploy+on+an+nginx+server)

Further Information
--
Please refer to the Give-Me-A-Deploy About page (html/about.html) or the Docs (html/docs.html), or the [Woki page](http://woki/display/IntDev/Give-Me-A-Deploy) for more information.
